[init]

[pre_hold]
set_launch_profile = leo_steep
# seconds till launch
enable_sas = True
launch_time = 11
time_in_state = 8
following_state = startup
enable_rcs = False
command_throttle = 0
set_target_apoapsis = 120000
set_target_periapsis = 120000

[startup]
time_in_state = 1
following_state = ignition
command_throttle = 0

[ignition]
time_in_state = 2
following_state = launch
command_stage = True
command_throttle = 20

[launch]
enable_sas = True
command_throttle = 100
command_pitch = 90
command_heading = 90
set_target_altitude = 500
following_state = begin_turn
command_stage = True
set_tminus_zero = True

[begin_turn]
enable_sas = True
enable_rcs = False
command_throttle = 85
command_pitch = 87.5
set_target_altitude = 1000
following_state = ascent_1

[ascent_1]
enable_sas = True
command_throttle = 85
command_heading = 90
command_pitch = 87.5
set_target_speed = mach1
following_state = ascent_2
set_target_altitude = 10000
engine_out_response = booster_sep

[transsonic]
enable_sas = True
set_target_speed = None
command_throttle = 70
set_target_altitude = 9000
following_state = ascent_2
command_pitch = keep

[ascent_2]
mach_check = False
enable_sas = True
command_throttle = 80
command_pitch = follow_path
enable_rcs = True
set_target_altitude = 60000
following_state = coast
engine_out_response = booster_sep

[booster_sep]
command_stage = True
following_state = ascent_1
time_in_state = 0.5


[coast]
enable_sas = True
enable_rcs = True
command_throttle = 0
command_pitch = 0
following_state = stage_sep
set_target_altitude = 90000

[stage_sep]
set_target_altitude = 
command_stage = True
following_state = circularize
time_in_state = 3

[circularize]
activate_engine = True
command_stage = False
command_throttle = 80
command_pitch = 0
following_state = cap_cruise

[cap_cruise]
command_throttle = 0
command_stage = True
time_in_state = 5
following_state = capsule_deploy

[capsule_deploy]
command_throttle = 0
command_stage = False
deploy_payload = True
following_state = safe

[outta_gas]
command_throttle = 0

[shutdown_abort]
enable_rcs = False
command_throttle = 0
self_destruct = True

[abort]
command_throttle = 0
enable_rcs = False
self_destruct = True
command_stage = False

[post_abort]
command_throttle = 0
enable_sas = False
enable_rcs = False
command_stage = False

[safe]
command_throttle = 0
enable_sas = False
enable_rcs = False
command_stage = False

